hi electric guys with a new one
video
sorry second step to miss a little
late
then in this video I wanted to do him
see download the tech launch on mac
as you see when the is already understood
file judging by its thousand leaves
before our folder we have two files
these you must open this first
us yellow but the one above that with the
logo
cover very good here
then the idea of updating them you do harm
screw we don't worry it's not a
guide for the three always enough alone
almost do what I read
just to make the folder forever
library because I can't stand it
as you can see, he loaded the muse
technical folder to launch the first of
file what we need to do take the
this is jar file miss and in practice
widow to copy and paste it here
now you can open this one for later
rather, to close it the risk it is
we do as a teacher must say for the
support was missing from your one ok package
ok ok once and what we need
open of france
as you can see it was some of the
folders you have to play with our luca
missing where it is convenient will not win life of
basile does the register and vlc roads
here meanwhile it is limited to clicks
do you or the studio do not think I 'm wrong
okay respected the steps
keep has created a technical folder
spi i am doing see after that
they have finished loading then girls
is down here a few fifteen
minutes did not add that it will open
but do everything right here
the part that if you want me to escape into
no drugs
but
here you see them part of the world
all
here the world is created
you see everything well immediately, even various
pieces
but there is this how it works
let's make it a goal
here
maybe we are a destination where there is local
also change the texture should be
here with the pasted had been the
pack us click around
as you can see, it is not the same as before
just that this morning of a graphic
better to understand things better below
decisions of all things
ok to take another thing
maybe you should leave
let master make options now
Mom, I 'm not going to take them this month
called and let me cover this
month with the participants projected give ok
as you can see now it will not help us to
put my charge like that
then guys with these won it all in
walking boot for joining the
next